Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown in Hollywood, California.
Welcome to the stage of the mayor of Hymen Town, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Happy St. Patrick's Day aftermath, right?
You're a little hungover, Jeff?
Yeah, I got pretty drunk last night.
I spent the entire day on the couch eating, overeating, and watching David Attenborough
animal documentaries.
Aaron and I coincidentally have been watching a lot of the John Hurt, what's it, Human
Planet?
It's one of the John Hurt narrates, I think, in the beginning of the title sequence.
He goes, there's only one animal that makes total use of the whole planet and does whatever
it wants.
Something like that.
That's not really...
It's better written than that.
But I always, at the end of it, I compulsively have to go, me, John Hurt.
Just thought I'd share that with you.
It's kind of a...
It's interesting, I thought I knew mostly everything about why I should be proud of
people and being one of them, because usually you're being told by the television to be
ashamed of being human, and there's a lot of reasons to be ashamed if you want to dwell
on that.
For instance, we rape people.
We murder each other.
We are destroying the whole thing, whatever.
We're doing all kinds of terrible things to ourselves and each other, and I always find
it ironic and heroic to try to focus on, yeah, but kind of a cool, awkward monkey species
that sort of rose to prominence, and there's an underdog story there.
I thought I had...
A long time ago.
I thought I kind of...
Well, no, not really, not at all, not in the timescale that matters, not if you're telling
that story, if you're telling a story about species, we are in the opening of the third
act of the Bad News Bears.
We're not even...
It's not...
But the Bad News Bears lose that game.
I never saw it, I don't know.
But we're watching this John Hurt thing, Human Planet.
These guys, I'm assuming it's in Africa, I think that's where lions are.
They get food by waiting for lions to attack, like an animal, like a gazelle or something,
and then they have this technique, like John Hurt teased it up and goes, they've got an
interesting technique, but first they have to wait for the lion to make its kill.
And I'm like, okay, what is there going to be some weird thing, like a fishing pole and
then like a $20 bill on the end of a line?
It's not Vincent Price narrating that?
No, no, it's not, it's not Hurt.
And I don't do an impression of either of them, so I can understand your confusion.
Oh, these are the guys that just sneak up and just scare the lions off.
No, they don't...
Okay, I want to stress that they don't sneak up, the whole thing is they just roll up.
They just kind of walk up like they're going to get a paper.
And then part of the gimmick of this show is that all these people that you're visiting
around all the corners of the earth, they all have their own language, you don't know
what the hell they're saying, that these subtitles, they're modern subtitles because
they kind of float in their key frames a little bit, they float a little bit, they float a
few pixels to the right as the people are saying them.
But the weird thing is, none of the people, like if these subtitles are actual translations,
America is the only place that has any linguistic nuance at all.
Everyone, everywhere else, if there's a guy climbing a tree to get to honey, he only ever
says like, I found bees up here with honey, there's lots of honey in here.
That's what he would say to his friends after 20 years of doing this, he doesn't have any
fucking lingo.
Yeah.
We did it again, hot chat.
Come on, baby.
Yeah, daddy needs to do a pair of shoes.
We should be asking ourselves when we see the subtitles, what the fuck's going on?
Even though it's translated into English, it's still like, oh, I get it, he's been doing
this for a while.
But everyone just keeps going, there's the lions, now we make our move.
And these guys, two guys, they just stand up out of the bushes, and there's 20 lions.
And they're like, damn, they have blood on their faces, because they're just mushing
their faces into dead gazelle and just eating them.
Some of them have manes, and the other ones don't.
I think there's some significance there among them, but the point is like, picture any kind
of lion, picture anything, these aren't scrawny lions, these are like zoo lions, these are
big fat fucking scary giant lions, like the kind you would get a wax sculpture of out
of a machine.
And there's 15 of them, 15 of them.
What machine dispenses waxed lions?
That's not a universal thing?
No.
Oh, okay, well, the Milwaukee County Zoo had these machines.
I assumed there was a regular thing, I'm sorry.
Go to the Milwaukee County Zoo, it's actually...
The machine makes a waxed lion?
They have a machine, they used to anyway, at the Milwaukee County Zoo, there was a machine
almost every exhibit almost, like every kind of category, like there was a penguin and there
was a lion, there was a giraffe, like if you went there, they kind of draw you in and put
a quarter in or a dollar, I'm sure it inflated, but when I was a kid, it was a machine that
would, really none of what I'm about to tell you is going to make a lot of sense to modern
ears, but this was before the internet, and also before I hit puberty, so it made sense
to me, there was a big machine, and you put coins in it, and it was kind of transparent
what it was doing, and a lot of tubes and metal things in it, and you would put enough
coins in it and it would go, and these metal things would come together, and then like
colored wax would, plastic would go through these tubes into this thing, and it would
drop a hot, dangerous, melted plastic lion into a tray that the machine very specifically
told you, a la McDonald's giving you an apple pie, like your fault if you, somebody in the
front row is holding it, it gave me a picture of one that he got, he googled, try to enjoy
the show, stop googling, so it's an injection molding machine that makes you a lion, or
it's a hot plastic injection, as Judd Nelson would say, do you want to get a hot plastic
injection later on?
Did he give you the hot plastic injection, leave me alone, see this is what you get when
you spill paint in the garage, your dad molds a plastic giraffe on you, it very specifically
tells you how you're allowed to hold it, because there's holes in the bottom of it, and that's
where the plastic goes, like that's the umbilical point for the mother plastic machine, and if
you hold it the wrong way, ostensibly melting molten plastic would drip on your child hands,
rendering them forever claw like, you would become like this weird self-loathing phantom
of the zoo, the feeding goats out of your weird useless flipper, come here, come here,
I'm here because I have to be, I once came because I loved it, now I have nowhere else
to go, no woman will touch me in the parking lot, I turned into Peter Lorre, I took on
a weird accent that can't be traced, it can't be traced, Rick, Steepie, Steepie, Steepie,
where am I from Steepie, um, anyways, tonight's going to be a tangent free night, I don't
want to get off on anything, tonight's show is called Focus, so when I tell you there
were 20 lions burrowing their faces into this killout, because I used that handy reference
to that plastic molding machine, you guys know exactly what I mean by 20 lions, I completely
forgotten what you were talking about, but imagine this too, here's the thing about lions
in the wild, you know, they're kind of getting no pun intended, I guess pun intended, but
also no pun celebrated, they're getting catty with each other, they're eating the gazelle,
I said not celebrated, lady, I couldn't have put a bigger disclaimer on that, I connected
the dots, I proceeded as usual, I did everything I needed to do, I got in the airlock, I took
a deep breath, I told everyone what was happening, I said catty, some lady, it's a pun, I know
it's an accident, I'm not going to censor myself, so these lions like they're eating
and they're in a mode, they're at a point in their day and their lives where even another
lion is pissing them off, they're like this is a good femur muscle, someone's like is
the muscle good, you want to try some of the spleen, and it's like I know you're just saying
that because you're going to want the femur muscle, I don't know, I don't want the spleen,
if I wanted the spleen I wouldn't have started eating the femur muscle, you know what I
mean?
Is that only my pet peeve when you go to eat with your girlfriend, she's like how is the
duck, and you're like the duck's fine, and I just did my head, I just see the chess
game, you want to try the duck, and you don't bite on it because you come from a family
of four people that guarded their food, so then they go, God this chicken, you want to
try some of the chicken?
No I don't want to try the chicken, I know it's a fucking setup, you want to get into
a food exchange where the net result is you get my duck, but I ordered right, I win dinner.
So when you take your losses, eat your chicken.
When you watch a documentary about lions over a carcass, you connect the dots to you having
dinner with your girlfriend?
No, I just connected those dots now, what I'm telling you is that well in order to explain
to you what the state of affairs of these lions grazing over this gazelle, they're
not being polite, they're not lulled into a state of graciousness.
These are lions at the height of their lioness, they're like so mad that another lion could
bite, they're like going, I'm eating, I'm eating, I'm eating.
So into that frame, marches these two fucking idiots with blankets for shirts, they got
nothing, they don't have special lion guns or rocks that they know make a lion choke.
They have sticks and what they have is eye contact and they just start walking up.
Just a gate, just a G-A-I-T gate, they just stand up for the bush and they don't make
a sound, they don't go like, hey lion lion lion lion, they don't go whoop whoop whoop
whoop whoop whoop, nothing like that, they just silently walk up like, well they used
to carry a G-A-T-E gate and just make it seem like they were separated by us.
Yeah, they just slowly pretend like they lived there, oh another piece of junk mail, oh,
hey what are you guys doing in my front yard?
They slowly change their address by one digit, no, they walk, and the fucking 15
lions, they bone out, they all go like, these guys mean business.
And these guys quickly carve off and then John Hurt goes like, they have to work quickly
because the lions will catch onto their bluff, hey wait a minute, those are upright walking
priming, that's more food that just stole our food, you know that you're hungry when
you're chasing lions off a kill, like you have to be starving.
And then they sling it over their shoulder, like they're walking out of a deli, like a
bad deli, because a good deli would give you a bag, but this is Africa, like they just
went Christmas tree shopping, they sling it up like, yeah, I think they don't run off,
they just cruise out like, just walk away, just walk away, and then they're like around
a campfire and then the subtitles say like, we got lucky with those lions today, they
didn't know they could have eaten us, that could have gone totally bad.
And they'll do it again next Wednesday, but I'm just very impressed with human beings.
Then there's another one where there's like these, god damn it, what is it, it's, hey
Aaron, what is it, was it pigeons or something in the trees, what's the thing in, there's
those birds that, I don't want to spoil the ending, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah, okay, there's like these locust like birds, they're basically like the avian
equivalent of locusts when they eat everything, so again, it's just these guys that just hang
out and they're like, but now these are birds that'll eat their crops, so like, but the
humans have developed a different solution to their bird problem, at the end of the night
the birds must go home to their nests, where the humans have prepared a rather clever trick
that they just show them like unspooling, well it looks like cable, I'm like wait, this
isn't, they're not spearing dung on their heads, and like, this isn't a symbiotic relationship,
those look like canisters of gasoline, and then they just show like A-teaming, like he's
bringing these cheese, and then it's like a joke, it's like a British sitcom or something,
like the birds all fly to the nest, so then it cuts to a wide shot, and they go, brrrr,
the entire forest explodes, and then they move on to the next subject, on the shores
of Scotland, humans love to ride segues, it doesn't, there's no, he doesn't comment
on it, it's nothing like, human beings, ah, that plucky species, those birds are getting
out of hand, it just blew up the forest, they'll have to do it again next Wednesday, very interesting
species, and I don't think, I think it's important to embrace it and say, you know what, you're
alright, humanity, you're alright, um, if you could be another animal, like in terms
of, like, I would kill myself, I would be a suicidal porpoise, I would purposely go
out of my way to find the places where people dispose of those six-pack rings, and not cut
them responsibly, so I could hang myself, could you have a choice, are you a predator,
a scavenger, a victim, herbivore, carnivore, I would, I mean, can I be an autotrofe, can
I be a photosynthetic, kind of, just, like, mushroom, no, animal, animal, well, no, it
could be an insect, bird, alright, alright, alright, okay, I think I would, boy, oh boy,
I mean, there's, there's hundreds of species in the world, you know it seems like they
got it right, 20 of them, undiscovered, manatees, manatees, they cruise around, they graze
on grass, and nobody eats them, because they're too big and fat, and no one fucks with a manatee,
they just, like, cruise around, yeah, well there is stuff like that, like, at the top
of the food chain, that's nice, like, they're herbivores, they're vegetarians, and nobody
eats them, because they're giant, fat people, yeah, and they, why are you raising your
hand, this is GS, you got one? Yeah, they get hit by propellers, oh yeah, yeah, okay,
well, that's true, I mean, everyone, I think, I think the assumption is that you wouldn't
have a manatee brain, right, you would, you would be like, you would be like Albert Brooks
as a manatee, going like, oh boy, yeah, this is neurotic about this, like, I would assume
that you'd see a propeller and go, I don't want none of that, I wouldn't choose to be
a neurotic manatee, I would choose, I'm just saying, I'd be Alec Baldwin as a manatee,
you'd have a voiceover, you'd have a celebrity voiceover, you'd have an intelligent manatee
that had, like, a kind of a dialogue with the audience, you'd be like, I'd be a Bruce
Willis manatee, I'd be like, you know, all things considered, I'd rather be Philadelphia,
than those estuaries, yeah, oh boy, look, a propeller for me, fool me twice, come to
Miami, hang out in the channel, I would be, I would be, or you could be a Liam Neeson
manatee, sorry, no, I didn't mean to set myself up with one of my well-known impressions,
all right, wait, okay, let me get out my phone, let's start bringing people up, oh, I want
to, you know what, quick, listen to Duncan Trestle's podcast, I like to think that most
of our audience is kind of overlapping, because I think if you like the meal you get here,
it's pretty tasty over there as well, and vice versa, but I mean, right, if you haven't
jumped aboard, like, right now, I feel like, this is hyperbolic, I'm not like a big podcast
guy, but I feel like he must be making podcast history, that this is something that, his
mom is dying, he just recovered from testicular cancer, which is completely unrelated to him,
that his mom, his mom is succumbing to breast cancer, I believe, and, but it's like, it's
just incredible, like, I had to pull my car over to the side of the road, when he was
just talking about it, he's in, I think he's in North Carolina, you know, getting her affairs
in order and talking to her and stuff, and then that was, it was already enough just
him talking about it, it was mind blowing, the way that this guy is able to cope with
the fundamental things that cause us suffering, and the big, giant cosmic elephants in the
cosmic room, like, he's, it's not like he's a man, he's not Caesar Milaning them, but
he is able to, like, you're not supposed to, he knows that you're not supposed to, and
he's just like, I don't know, the Elan, with which he talks about the stuff, and then on
top of all that, just the most recently, now the most recent episode is, it's his mom,
he's interviewing his mom, literally on her deathbed, there is no skirting around it,
they're not, nor are they joking about it hilariously, it's not depressing, it's not,
it's not fake uplifting, it's just honest and sincere and incredible, and, and there
must be some kind of, because this is how I process things, there must be some kind
of potty award, oh you mean like podcast, not potty like you take a poop when you're
a baby, I want to reduce everything to, give him an award, that was great, that was a joke
but, I guess you guys can see that I'm that petty, you said potty, which makes it sound
like poopies, oh no, no, I don't think, no, they still, they still, no, they understand
what I'm saying, they refuse to laugh at my joke, because of, they're like, Dan, a woman's
dying, and I'm like, yeah, but I have a joke that I'm doing, and they're like, yeah, we
get it, you're not entitled to a laugh from us, and I'm like, we visited a friend of ours
that was in a hospital for maybe trumped up reasons and nothing was wrong with them,
but you, you were very ill at ease in there, we were in their ER, oh, yeah, well, I don't
like hospitals for sure, yeah, I mean, nobody does, but you were, you looked really like,
like, really freaked out, well, I mean, here's the thing, I don't make a lot of eye contact
in general, an emergency room is a three foot like closet, so if you're not making eye contact
in an emergency room, it's like, you don't really have, it's kind of like, you can either
stare at your friend in an emergency room bed, or you can do what you did, which is you showed
up for five minutes, and then you went, I'm bored, and you left, which is fine, I also
said, do you validate, which is how that hilarious, right, no, we all did lots of bits, and we
had a great time, like, nobody, I mean, I'm going to use that forever now, every time
I go into somebody, I'm going to say, I'm going to leave, do you validate, this is hilarious,
we all took pictures and did bits about the environment and stuff, but yeah, I mean,
it's like, like, sure, I'll own the fact that I don't, I don't like my friends in hospitals,
and I don't like strangers in hospitals, I don't like hospitals, I guess this people
like get light-headed, this people that get sick to their stomach, I'm more of a stomach
kind, I get a little queasy when I see people hurt, I thought he wasn't, he was fine, but
like, I've gone and visited friends that were like, you know, had been in car accidents
and stuff, and I get really like, like I want to puke, alright, no, I, maybe I went, maybe
I went to some sort of pukey award, he, he, he, he had, he had, you know what, let me
do what they didn't do, hahaha, you know, there's basic human rights people have as
performers, you know, if you, if you, if they go like this, for instance, when they bounce
on their toes like Johnny Carson at the end of something, you could give them a chuckle,
even if they don't think it's funny, I didn't know whether to, whether to marry it or drive
it, and then you kind of do that, thank you, was that so hard? Jesus Christ, it's not,
I'm not running for office, I'm just doing a show, it's all, it's all a joke, I don't
know what I'm saying ever, but I do know what I'm watching, and sometimes what I'm
watching are horror movies, and last, last week, we, we, he wasn't here, but he's here
this week, and it's, he actually, it turns out he's, he's, he's currently in the process
of retiring his horror movie a day blog, and we've, now it's more, actually more timely
to bring him up, so God smiled upon us, uh, booking-wise, um, so, can we bring to the
stage Brian W. Collins, is he here? Is he here? Maybe he's not here again. Oh, he's here,
okay, here he is. Brian's, uh, here, you can grab one of those. Hello Brian. Hello. Hello
room. Yeah, we can sit down like this, and, um, so you're, you're a long time Armenian,
I mean, you, as far as I know, you've been here since, since long before we even started
podcasting, I, but I don't know, or care, but, uh, I mean, we've talked to you often,
and, and, and know you as a, as a friend, and that you have this blog, which I have never
visited, but that I find endlessly fascinating, because, which is sure by our symptom of narcissism,
like, where you're like, oh, my friend does this really interesting thing, and I'm just
like, still though, I'm gonna read this Tumblr entry about myself one more time, and it's,
and it's no wonder my brain is decaying, like, like, like, it's like, uh, eating, eating
the lead paint of my own ego, and like, like, like, like, of course I'm gonna die of something.
Uh, Brian, uh, tell us, tell us about your blog in a nutshell, and, and know that I'm
a bad interviewer.
All right, so, uh, yeah, um, just a little over six years ago, I started watching horror
movies every day, and a couple weeks into it, I just decided to start writing reviews
as well.
That does it.
Thank you.
Good enough.
Um, and, uh, you know, I, I, I started being like an editor, I never really wrote much,
um, so I was just kind of figuring out how to write reviews every day.
You watch a horror movie every day?
Every day.
For six years?
Yeah.
So what's six times 365?
Anybody good at math?
No, 1800.
Is that right?
Well, I mean, there are days where I watch more, you know, I go to festivals, and there's
like four or something, so the 2,500 is the mark that I'm stopping at, which is, uh, March
31st.
So the first question is, how does that start?
Like, like, like, like, at one point you noticed, you realized you were on a streak of watching
one a day.
Oh yeah, no.
Uh, basically what happened was that I rented, you know, the discs from Netflix that all
happened to be horror, and, uh, they were sitting on my, like, my couch for four months,
and I was like looking, I'm like, wait, I could have just bought these three movies
by now.
There's a lot, there's 2007.
They didn't have Netflix.
Wait, what do you mean?
You bought them as opposed to what?
As opposed to paying for Netflix for three months for nothing, because this is before
instant, so it's just the discs.
Oh, oh, okay.
Well, it's like, all right, four times, whatever, three, you know, Netflix thing, I'm like,
I could have just bought these.
Um, like, you know, and then I just started thinking about my day, I'm like, all right,
you sleep for eight hours, you eat, you work for eight hours, it's eight hours of the day,
I'm doing something, well, I can't, I just watch a horror movie.
Right.
Um, and so it started.
So, and it, and it, now, were you single at the time when it, when it, no, actually,
the only time I ever missed a day was like a week after I started.
Uh, my wife and I took like a, uh, uh, it was our five year anniversary of dating, and
we went down to, uh, to Long Beach for like a four day weekend, and I missed one day then.
Yeah, the other three days, I still watch horror movies, but, so you've not missed,
uh, you've only missed one day in six years.
Yeah.
Wow.
And, uh, that's why I didn't come last week, because I was actually, I didn't watch the
movie yet.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So, like, I got out of work and I was like, is it Martial Fear?
Do you still enjoy it?
Yeah, no, it's, it's part of the day now.
So, I mean, I don't, it's not hard to like, I mean, every now and then things get busy,
but, uh, so we can assume you've seen Leprechaun on the hood.
Well, let's talk about that in a second.
Uh, left on the hood, uh, up to no good, uh, up to do no good, uh, the, the, um, uh, so
what, what, what do you think it is about the genre?
Is it, is it like cheesecake?
Is it like, like, like, like, like, is it a comfort food?
Like the genre of horror, as opposed to sci-fi fantasy, as opposed to, uh, Tom Cruise thriller?
Is it, is it, is it, what, what is, is there a factory must have thought about this sometime
in six years?
Well, Tom Cruise thriller day sucked.
I mean, I'll ask you, um, no, uh, no, I've left horror since I was a little kid, um,
you know, it wasn't like I just started watching horror that day.
Like, you know, I've obviously been into it since I was like six or seven.
So, why, why do we like horror movies?
Uh, I think for me, I just found them, the more creative, because, you know, I always
had friends that were into like doing special effects, makeup, um, and, you know, editing
and stuff like that.
So to me, like, you can really get away with more when you're doing horror, as opposed
to like, like romantic comedies, where you kind of have to fit that formula.
Right.
Did they scare you?
Are there any that?
Not since I was a kid, no.
Very rarely.
There's not one that still gets you, gives you nightmares or anything like that?
No, I mean, those, I watched, uh, I rewatched, like, two years ago, this TV movie that I
saw when I was a kid called Don't Go to Sleep.
Does anybody know that one?
Don't know.
Don't go to sleep.
It was a TV horror, the back of like, when they did made for TV movies every week.
Uh, it's about a little girl that gets possessed by the spirit of her older sister who had
died in a car accident.
And she blames the family, so she systematically wipes out the family.
And there's this bit where, like, she's possessed and she has a pizza cutter and she's just
like going up the stairs of this pizza cutter and like, she goes upstairs and kills her
dad with it.
And like, that freaked the shit out.
I mean, I was like six or seven.
There's always some image.
Yeah.
You're now afraid of pizza cutters.
Oh yeah.
Like, if I open the kitchen drawer, I see when I get scared.
You would bring up romantic comedies as the obvious antithesis to the horror, which I
think is accurate because sex, which is the ultimate creative act, you're procreating,
you're creating life and death, which is, you know, I don't know if I finished this
thought.
Like, this is the battery that charges human life.
Like, we're avoiding, we're afraid, we're all going to die, we know that we're going
to die and we're also like driven to like make a life and live life.
And so, and there probably is an equal volume of, actually, I bet horrors got it, got it,
got it, like doubled or tripled, but, but like, you could watch a rom-com a day.
You could try.
Like, and you wouldn't necessarily end up having to loop back on yourself.
I think they might make one a day.
The big question is, why isn't that like a visceral like thing?
And I think the answer has to do with the honesty level of a society that's like high
on the hog.
I think that, I think in a post Spielbergian box office world, you're, you, you're just
not allowed to be as creative with love as you are with death.
I think that we have decided that death, because we elude it daily and, and have kind of compartmentalized
it, we can actually, you can put, have Clint Howard in your movie and, and, and have him
stab someone in the head with an ice cream cone and, you know, like, like, and go, and
go like, ah, what a fun way to kill that person.
And here's a new way to make brains look real and, and we're constantly experimenting
with death and encouraged to do so because we've cartoonified death because we don't
actually, we've turned funeral parlors into, you know, the parlors of our homes into, into
living rooms and, and, and, and, and put funeral parlors down the street and like made dead
bodies, things that you bear, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, ranting about that.
But we've, we've compartmentalized death in Western society.
And so like movies are like, hey, fun.
It's like, well, imagine if there's guts for flying out.
Romance, however, is like, it's on these rails.
It's like, like, like, okay, like, this guy's a bad guy because he's, you know, you can't,
you can't do a million fun creative things with your dick and a vagina.
That's pornography.
Like, like, that's not, it's, it's, it's, it's like, horror is still, it's not considered
pornography, but it's like, it's equally voluminous and also dealing with the primary colors
of, of, of, of what we deal with.
Like we're all scared of monsters and dying and stuff.
Thank you.
I win.
I win the contest with myself to see if I can explain why horror movies are good.
And they're not good.
That's the other thing I wanted to ask you.
You must know more than anyone how many of them are bad because for the reasons I'm describing,
any, like a lot, like it actually, like more hacks are probably attracted to the bug lamp
that is the horror genre.
Well, that's, I mean, that's the thing is that, you know, unfortunately, not only are
there a lot of bad movies, there are, you know, no offense to bad fans and that they're
like, you know, you guys were talking about last week, the guys that like think shark
to push and these sci-fi movies, they're funny.
So you can make pretty much anything and not only will people watch it, but it's easy
to sell because, you know, most horror movies are independent and it's like, oh, you killed
three people in it.
Cool.
We can put that on the cover and, you know, sell it in Germany and sell it over here.
You know, romantic comedies, all these other things, you know, that they're more star driven.
You can't like make like a low budget rom-com and instantly get that sale when you go to
like one of these film markets.
So yeah, I'll never run out of horror movies if I wasn't quitting because there's always
going to be hacks that are like, $10,000, look at that, they do paranormal activity.
You know, we have a video camera and a house, we can do that, too.
And so you have to sit and watch like the most horrible ones of all, which you can browse
through on Apple TV and thank God for the preview feature where you can see from the
trailer like, oh, Jesus, they didn't even mix their sound, like it's just like flies
on a tree.
When you're done with this, when you watch 2,500, are you going to be happy to not have
to watch these anymore?
Are you still going to continue to watch horror films?
No, I mean, I'll still do stuff.
You know, I work for a couple of different websites now and like, I actually might be
working for Netflix as like a horror expert of some sort.
If anybody is, it's going to be you now, holy fuck.
So, you know, so I'll still be watching.
It's just like, and the site will still be there, too, and I'll update it when I feel
like it, but I just won't like wake up and be like, all right, I got to find time to
watch like some children of the coin sequel or something, like, you know, or if I start
watching a movie and it's terrible, I'll be like a normal human being like you guys and
shut it the fuck off.
Now, what's your stance on the leprechaun of franchise?
I like the first one when I was 13.
Right.
I think I watched one other.
I've watched one of the, he's gone to the hood twice.
Yeah.
Well, that's, it's an interesting thing to look at in terms of sequelogy, like if there's
a term paper you could write because let everyone kind of widely will say as a knee-jerk response
if you bring up the leprechaun franchise that leprechaun, I think it was three in the hood
into hood.
No, no.
So three was Vegas, I think, or two.
Four was in space and then five and six were the hood.
Oh, five.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Wait, the two hoods were in the row?
Are you sure about that?
Yeah.
Okay, okay.
He goes, and it's not as interesting as I thought.
He goes to space?
Yeah, holy, he went to space.
He went to space.
He goes to the hood twice.
But it was, it was better when he was in the hood.
The reason why it was better when it was in the hood, you could tell watching the first
one like, like, like that it was like, it felt like it was written by white screenwriters.
I don't know if any of this is true, like, if everyone correct me, this is what it felt
like.
I'm not, I'm not a journalist here.
It felt, I kept picturing like two white screenwriters going like, you know, let's
write a movie for the black people that wanna, like, let's put the people in the theater
that are always yelling that crazy stuff, let's put them in the movie and have them
yell the stuff at the leprechaun.
That's what it felt like they were, it was sort of like this weird, like, like half love,
half hate, like half a racist, half like, like, like, like cultural, like, emboldening
thing.
It was, it was, that's what it felt like.
I hope to hear it was written by a wonderful black screenwriter who was, who was just working
organically and not from a weird entomology perspective by some guy going, what would
they like here?
I think Ice-T should say what we're all thinking when we see the leprechaun as black America,
which is, you ugly motherfucker, and then pop a cap in them, try to pop a cap in them, show
them that the cap popping doesn't work, show them why, they wanna know.
We asked them after the first two movies, like, why wouldn't they pop a cap?
You know, and, and let's show them, let's show them pop a cap and then have the caps
pop right back out, and then now you're invested.
But I kind of, I kind of agree with that philosophy, I'm giving, I'm giving them a weird, like,
like nasal dialect, but, but that might be me, that might be how I would approach writing
a leprechaun movie.
Anyways, here's, here's my observation that I would like to make about the leprechaun
franchise.
Here's the thing, we watched, like, three of them for St. Patrick's Day, leprechaun,
that's his name, definitely, like, watch these movies again, and like, watch a man, like,
like, like, he's, he, he, very, very many times, under a variety of circumstances, ends
up pretending to be a woman, to get a man horny, and then killing him, like, like, right
as the guy is, like, about to climax.
He never does the other thing, he never, like, if he wants, if he wants to just kill someone,
he can just rip their finger off, or like, he'll just go like, let me give you a leg
up, and then it'll just rip your leg off.
So it's like, weird that he sometimes then will crouch behind a crate or a bed, and he'll
just, like, a guy will be taking out the mail, and then, and then a woman will go, hey, Carl,
come here, and it'll just be this sexy lady, and then they'll just keep cutting to the
leprechaun behind the crate, going like, hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm, and he does it over and over
and over again, and it keeps, I think it kind of escalates, like, I feel like the leprechaun
series is about, on another level, it's about a bi-curious kind of mythical creature, like,
it feels like he's getting more and more either honest or dishonest, I can't tell, because
one of them's about him, he wants to marry this woman, but then he keeps on, he's like,
oh, I've got, I've got you here, oh, my bride, oh, but he never does anything with her, and
then he keeps making excuses to go out and just pose as more women and have fake, fake
leprechaun sex with men, you know, I don't know, watch it, tell me what you think.
You just put more thought into the leprechaun sequels than any other, including the people
that made them.
And just, well, that may be true, but mythology has a life of its own, and I feel the story
being told with the leprechaun character, he's like Ulysses, you know, he's his own character,
and I think that his character exists in a maelstrom of sexual feelings, you know, I
feel like he's like popping out of the, in modern America, and he's going like, oh,
it seems like the standards are a bit different now, what was once a little weird to go to
as a place like it's now a little more, okay, I could have a lot of fun around here, and
he's sort of like, you're watching him like kind of push his boundaries, his own personal
boundaries, like he's getting over his own catexes, like there's no, there's no sign
in the wall that says, don't be gay, like, like he's, that's in his head, but he's kind
of like pushing it and pushing it, like, and he gets increasingly like more sexually amorphous
as the series continues, so I think if they make another leprechaun movie, they should
just have him like naked, like, like, and just kind of like, like, they're making another
one, it comes out this month, okay, thank you, Adam Goldberg says they're making another
one, it comes out this month, I hope it's called like leprechaun, the gloves are off,
and by gloves we mean sexual hang-ups, you know, and have him just, maybe it's not a
horror movie, maybe it's just about, you know, like him doing his thing, like, like, why
have to end it with a guy's face getting cut off, you know, if clearly, if you look
at the amount of time that's spent in each leprechaun movie, percentage-wise, it's really
the more important theme in these movies is bisexuality.
They keep up, I didn't watch all the, you know, all the secrets, do they keep up with
it?
I really remember the first one anymore, it was like they stopped him by throwing shoes
at him, because he had a thing where he had to clean shoes.
Yeah, that's the original, you watched over 2,000 movies now, and you didn't get through
more than one leprechaun?
That's the thing, that's not bad ones that I know, like, I know the leprechauns, like,
especially the ones that, I mean, the first one actually played theatrically, and then
it's not good news.
With a child, like, like, if I can make a recommendation, I don't know how easy this
is to do with Netflix's or Hulu's or whatever, but at some point in my life, a friend of
mine got his hands on a copy of Child's Play, it was a Mexican, or the Spanish dub, the
Spanish dub of Child's Play, and it is hilarious, it's the best fucking thing if you want to
have a good time with your friends, get Spanish Child's Play, because they give him this kind
of Speedy Gonzalez voice, and it's really, it's really, he's just this little Spanish
guy running around, and it's good, also E.T., E.T. in Spanish is hilarious, because he really
is, he just sounds like an immigrant, like an illegal alien, and it's like, and it takes
on a different meaning.
So different, not horror, break into, is that Electric Boogaloo?
Rent that movie, is that the one with turbo in it, or is that, turbo, any time turbo is
on, freeze frame, because he's making the funniest face in the world.
I just sent it out there, put it on, like, go to like, send images to me, any time turbo
is on the camera, hit pause, funny as shit you'll ever see in your life, get high and
watch break into and hit the pause.
We should have like, Oprah's Book Club, we could have like a, we could have a science,
like, let's all watch before we reconvene, let's all watch, we'll pick one movie that
we can watch this week.
Let's all watch Heart Target.
And we can all talk about it.
I'll talk about Wofford Brimley afterwards.
Maybe we'll pick one by the end of the show and experiment with that concept.
So it's called horrormovieaday.com.
Horrormovieaday.com, or, yeah, it's on Blogspot, but yeah.
It's on Blogspot, I mean, I don't know how you guys feel about that.
Well, it's got this long, because it's Blogspot, you know, it's a URL, so it's like a whole
bunch of terrible, you know, dashes and stuff, so just horrormovieaday.com.
It'll redirect you.
Yeah, yeah.
It'll, it'll, it'll slash through your URL and, and murder it.
Horrormovieaday.com.
Thank, thank you, Brian W. Collins, for visiting us on the eve of your, thank you, Brian.
He seems like an okay guy.
He seems like, I've lost my mind watching that many horrormovies.
I like, I like, I like, I like random, like, like, yeah, like, I need something like that.
I need some kind of thing to come into my life where I'm like, I'm, I have a thing,
you know, where you go like, okay, I'm going to do this thing now.
It's called Minecraft.
Well, no, I think that's, that's just, you know, like, that's, that's not, if I were
to say, I'm going to play two hours of Minecraft every day or something, you could turn something
unhealthy into something healthy, which is structure, you know, but that's not going
to be it.
That's dumb.
That's a dumb idea.
You just pitched.
It's a dumb idea.
It's something like, I'm going to, I'm going to do stained glass in my basement.
I'm going to make a stained glass duck and I'm going to make a, I'm going to make my
own BB gun.
I'm going to make a BB gun and it's going to fire a real BB.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, uh, uh, uh, uh.
Don't you owe Fox a script right now?
Yeah.
I'm going to write that, but then like, you know, like, then I'm going to.
If I'm a Fox exec and I'm hearing this podcast next week and you're talking about making
BB guns, I'm like, where's my sitcom?
Yeah.
I think they've moved on.
I think if they're smart, but I'm saying I need a hobby, you know, at a certain point
as soon as I finish my job, I need a hobby.
Uh, uh, let's keep the train rolling and bring, and bring, and bring, and bring, let's get
Spencer up here.
Huh?
All right.
Because, uh, we also watched Space Jam last night.
Yeah.
I got drunk and went home.
I missed that one.
Hello, Spencer.
How are you, man?
I'm, uh, I'm, I'm, I'm good.
I'm good.
Hey, that was a measured response.
Did you stay for all of Space Jam?
No, I left pretty early.
I mean, I've seen that movie, but I used to watch it a lot.
I had, um, you know, what were those, the Martian guys called?
The Monsters.
Monsters.
No, before that, they had it like a dumb name that wasn't a team.
It was like something Ling, I think, I don't know, whatever.
I had stuffed animal versions of all the puny little versions.
It was pretty awesome.
And I had like a favorite, you know, but they were all really like cut and paste before
they got like superpowers.
So yeah.
I don't know.
So they were just different colors.
I was like the red one.
Space Jam, like the Bugs Bunny.
Yeah.
Michael Jordan.
Bill Murray.
And Newman.
Yeah.
I imagine Space Jam might be some people's Xanadu in this room, you know, given the age.
Does anybody here love Space Jam?
Yeah.
My applause.
Don't raise your hands.
Park up.
I just played it knowing that it's terrible and non-ironically, or is it an ironic level?
I grew up in Chicago in the 90s.
Michael Jordan was like a god.
I thought it was the greatest movie ever made.
So you love it because Michael Jordan is a protagonist in it?
Or is he like a guest star in it?
Or is he a visitant?
No.
He's a guest star.
It's a buddy comedy with him and, you know, Bugs Bunny.
Space Jam.
Yeah.
Wait.
All I remember is Marvin Martians in it, right?
Isn't he out there like a...
Yeah.
And they play basketball.
If I were to...
I tried to run through today the narrative, like, kind of cascade of, like, why are ending
with the answer to why are they playing basketball?
Why?
What are the stakes?
It starts five iterations up, like, on a planet that is both animated but not Looney Tune
planet.
It's a planet of animated monsters that need amusement.
They're in an amusement shortage.
And the boss of that planet says, I want the Looney Tunes to work for us.
And he sends his henchmen out and the henchmen go and they make the...
They tell the Looney Tunes, you have to work for us.
And the Looney Tunes go, you know, they use Bugs Bunny Clever Power to go, hey, we have
to...
We get a chance to fight back before you indenture us into servitude.
And instead of just saying, you're not allowed to do this, Bugs Bunny says, you have to
give us a right chance to fight back, and they go, okay, how?
And they go, okay, they're really small, so let's play basketball.
So then because they say basketball, the monster aliens steal the talent from Charles Barclay
and Lil Pennier, whoever was in a Nike commercial back then.
And they all grow big because that means they're talented.
And because they do that, then the Looney Tunes go and abduct Michael Jordan from a golf course.
Meanwhile, there's a B story to the movie which details Michael Jordan's emotional journey
from going from basketball player to baseball player to golf hobbyist and friend of Bill Murray.
Bill Murray, meanwhile, walks into and out of the movie of his own free will anytime he wants.
Just like in the middle of his own scenes, he'll just go, yeah, well, that's what I'm trying to...
And he'll just disappear from coverage.
Where'd Bill Murray go?
Wasn't he there a second ago?
Yeah, I guess he got tired.
It's like in Tootsie.
He's there, he's gone.
Yeah, he's just bad.
So there's another character played by the fat guy from Jurassic Park who I...
My writer's eye tells me it's the same character.
Yeah, Wayne Knight.
It's the same character, but for all the scenes Bill Murray couldn't do.
No.
Wayne Knight is kind of...
There's another character.
He's Michael Jordan's agent or something.
But anyways, like I said, if I were to start trying to explain Space Jam to you, we'd be here until like 9 p.m.
But there are people who love the movie.
On its own merits or simply because you were from Chicago and Michael Jordan lived there?
It was great.
Come up on stage.
Can we get you on stage?
What's your name?
Shannon.
Space Jam apologist.
Hi.
I mean, I love being right about stuff, so let me try to...
I'll answer the question for her and we'll see if she agrees.
Some movies are so like loud and big and weird and have such a time in your life.
That's why I've brought up the Xanadu comparison.
There's no arguing that Xanadu is a good movie.
Xanadu is an insane movie, though, and it was part of my childhood.
All right, go, Shannon.
So when someone asks, do you like it ironically or not ironically?
No, I like Mac and me ironically.
Like, that's a horrible movie and I don't actually have any connection to it.
But you have an emotional connection to a...
I do.
Space Jam.
But you could probably recognize with your adult brain.
Yes.
But that doesn't...
You know, it doesn't stop me from having kind of an emotional reaction to it even now in adulthood.
And there's a lot of movies.
Goonies, I'm looking at you.
Like, my generation, I'm 40 now, I can finally start saying this without getting booed because I'm getting so old.
But 10 years ago, if I said Goonies was shitty, which it is, it is.
Goonies is a ridiculous cacophony of logical loop-to-loops.
It is an insane, it is an opera written by a madman in a footlocker at the bottom of the ocean.
Goonies is out of the show.
What's a better movie as a whole, Space Jam or Goonies?
Space Jam.
No, fuck you.
No, Goonies is better than Space Jam.
You pushed him.
I almost had him.
Goonies is better than Space Jam.
Goonies, okay, here's the difference between a sociopath and a regular murderer.
Goonies knows what it's doing wrong.
Space Jam will kill again if you don't lock it up.
Space Jam has no idea.
Space Jam's like, what?
Yeah, I'm a movie.
Goonies is like, I'm a movie.
They know, they know.
If there was a Goonies too, we'd focus on the chunk character more and do more blender scenes.
Space Jam would be like, well, what have we learned?
Cha-ching?
I don't feel like Space Jam knew what it was doing.
Shannon, how many times have you seen Space Jam?
How many times have you viewed Space Jam?
In my childhood, probably in the dozens, I haven't seen it in quite a while,
because my parents have it on VHS and nobody fucking has a VCR anymore.
Alright.
Really?
Space Jam party.
I'm sure it's Space Jam's on YouTube.
I don't know.
I'm 40, I don't care.
Is it Space Jam and one of your little friendship bracelets?
Can't you just download it on a USB dongle?
Shannon, what are your favorite movies of all time?
What do you think of as your favorite genre, your favorite kind of movie?
Or your favorite, do you have a favorite movie?
My favorite movie is Stripes, actually.
Stripes is a good name.
When's the last time you saw it?
Probably in the last year, I haven't on DVD.
I mean, some of these movies you go back to, like Back to the Future,
I saw Double Future, Back to the Future and Goonies,
and it was like a, because they're both right around the same time,
but it was like a study in, okay, there are movies from a certain age
when your brain was like firing certain chemicals,
like you have permanent imprints on these movies,
and I would call them identical walking into that theater as a 30-something.
I was like, I'm going to see Goonies in Back to the Future too.
Indelible, comparable, like masterpieces from my childhood era,
but walking out of the theater, I was like, okay, come on,
Goonies was a nostalgic mess.
Back to the Future, I think Remains is kind of a well-structured
little piece of cinema that took seven years to write and blah, blah, blah.
What were we talking about?
Space Jam.
Space Jam versus Stripes.
Stripes, I'm afraid to go back and watch, is my point.
Why would you be afraid?
I'm just afraid it will be Goonies rather than Back to the Future.
Stripes is hilarious because there's 11 35-year-olds pretending to join the military.
There's clearly people in their 40s that are in this unit, it's really funny.
Everybody's drunk in it, John Candy, John Lyric, everybody's just a bunch of alcoholics.
Remember what that movie is?
It has a very strange, it's got a three-act structure overall,
but it also exists in two giant acts because there's the point where they actually,
like in the 11th hour, but the movie's only halfway over.
It seems like the movie is over and then we have a whole other plot happening.
It turns into this weird action movie with the RV and stuff, but it was good.
It shares that with the good Batman movie.
That Batman movie was like, what the fuck, when's this over?
I don't care, I don't know.
All right, now, okay, truck chase, okay, fuck it.
It was...
Well, thank you, Shannon, Shannon, everybody.
Shannon, thanks for coming up and talking about Space Jam.
Space Jam.
What did they come up with that name too?
I'll tell you exactly where they came up with that name.
They tested each letter of each word.
Okay, so far, we've got spud cum.
No, no, no, people like a more than you.
Space spade cum?
I always thought it was because there was jock jams at that point, right?
Wasn't there a thing where...
I don't know.
I would like to be a fly on any wall during any part of any branch.
Adam Goldberg, why was it called Space Jam?
They used jam all the time in the 90s.
It was the number one word, the way rad ruled the 80s.
And agent.
That's not your name.
Adam Goldberg is my name.
And consulting producer on community, Adam F. Goldberg's name.
Not the same person.
Okay, that was my fault.
That was my bad.
No, I tapped that hornet's nest.
When he started saying they used jam all the time in the 90s,
I was like, wait a minute, come on.
I thought he meant jelly?
No.
Come on, no more than the 80s.
I was there for all of this.
Jam did not become a bigger thing.
I'm officially my grandparents.
The 90s had...
Come on, young man, jam is a universal...
The 90s did have jock jams and pearl jams,
and we had less than 90s jam.
Jam, jock jams and pearl jams.
Isn't that gross if they name their band Pearl Jam?
That's gross.
Pearl jam sucks.
Fuck Pearl Jam.
Oh, come on, Jeff.
Oh, fuck him, that's terrible.
Hey, Jeff.
Why are you going to make me feel bad about my band?
Oh, Eddie.
No.
We are people.
We have feelings you brought them.
It was the 90s.
It was a great time to be an angry white guy
and be all bummed out and wear a fucking helmet.
Before we called it emo and just kind of like,
both embraced it and wrote it off,
but it was like it was being presented as if this is the new thing.
I think that was uncomfortable for people.
And I invite all of you to tell me I'm a bad person online
for not liking Pearl Jam.
It's going to happen.
There will be a lot of bad...
I don't think that's going to happen.
Yeah, you know why?
Because they're indefensible.
Pearl Jam is an unsupportable band.
They'll accept.
These guys, look at them.
Look out in this audience.
Look at these jams.
Shannon, do you love Pearl Jam too?
No.
Okay, good.
So she's not just jam-centric.
No.
These guys are post-itunes.
They're little tune babies.
They have little hologram dongles that they use to subscribe to their music
from a stream and a cloud.
And part of that is that they don't have the same emotional...
They go, oh, did you hear that new granddaddy?
I heard that EP was an LP on the SP.
No, I don't.
I don't either.
I'm just trying to get through it.
You had to put all this energy into buying an album.
Spencer, if you bought a Led Zeppelin album and someone else said Led Zeppelin sucked,
you got something to defend.
But if you download Zigger Splicket, you don't care.
You got a whole fucking catalog of shit.
Everyone's an individual, so they don't really care that much if someone goes like,
and no one's gonna go, that's stupid, that sucks.
I think maybe I'm projecting onto them my wishes for the younger generation to be more actualized.
Spencer, are you a music purchaser?
Are you a music guy?
No.
I mean, I listen to lots of music.
I don't purchase a lot of music.
How do you get your music?
You know, sometimes I'm just on my computer, and this is legal stuff, man.
They're gonna listen to this podcast, and they're gonna hunt me down.
Sometimes a bit just falls on me, and then sometimes more of them come in like a torrent.
Sometimes you just get caught in a tempest of fights.
Of peer-to-peer pressure.
So you've been stealing music online all the time?
I mean, I've bought maybe three albums in my life, but I mean, like, six days of music probably.
But I don't know, it's really eclectic.
I usually get discographies, and then I'm like, oh, I like this album and this album,
and delete a lot of stuff, and then I have what I like, and I kind of just cycle through it randomly.
What's in heavy rotation for you right now?
What's in the car?
Let's see.
Borders of Canada has some good tracks.
Yeah, I think the campfire head phase is the album I've been listening to a lot.
There's Delorean is a band with an album called Subiza, which is just really delicious.
Gold Panda makes this really weird electronic music, and it's pretty awesome.
I listened to it on an airport, and it was perfect.
What about Nosecone?
You listen to Nosecone?
Oh yeah, you know, Nosecone, he had some deep YouTube riffs.
I was really into that.
Wait, I just made that name up.
I was ripping the audio, yeah.
No, I'm bullshitting also.
Oh, okay.
I thought I ripped a real guy, and I wanted to cop to it.
I felt bad.
I sent me to play some D&D.
How's that sound right now?
Well, we got to get Camille out here.
Camille.
Camille, you like Nosecone?
No, I like the Peaceful Mutants.
They're really good right now.
Sandblast.
I have a couple of points to make.
Space Jam is clearly from NBA Jam, which was a huge basketball game in the night.
Don't clap, Adam Goldberg, as if that's what you were saying.
The other point, you gave it so much shit for exposition.
You got to jump through a lot of hoops to get Elmer Fudd and Michael Jordan in the same room.
You can't just be like, open on basketball court. Bugs Bunny and Michael Jordan are hanging out.
Okay, here's how many hoops you have to jump through to get Elmer Fudd and Michael Jordan in the same room.
The same number of hoops that they jumped to get Michael Jordan in the same room.
One, they jumped Michael Jordan through a literal and figurative threshold.
They sucked him through a golf course hole into Cartoonland, and Elmer Fudd was right there.
And said, oh hi, Michael Jordan, I love you.
They're a crime that they committed.
By the way, I am not defending this movie at all.
Just for fun, defend it.
It's really good.
You're saying it's a necessary evil because of a subject matter that there needs to be five thresholds instead of one threshold.
You're saying that will never be true until our son Supernovas.
Our stories are allowed to just have one fucking like what if.
I've never full disclosure, never seen the movie.
Or finish the word disclosure. Never done that.
Full disclosure.
Can I also, you were talking about human planet, can I quickly say what my favorite thing of that is?
Speak it will.
It's all like humans in extreme conditions.
Papa Nagini, there's this one village that just eats sharks.
That's all they eat, which is like sort of an arrogant dickish move, you know?
They're like, you have fruit. What are you doing?
They're like, well, sharks, we eat them for breakfast.
Like that's what they're going for.
So they have one guy in the village who's the designated shark hunter.
And now he's like 70, and then they just like send this guy out.
He's like, all right, I'll go get more shark. And he gets into a canoe that he's made.
And he's like seven and he's like ripped.
Are these the guys that just like strangled him on the side of the boat?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I was going to tell the story.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
He's like super ripped like, but he's like like Nepal ripped, you know, not like Jim ripped.
Like Sri Lanka ripped. So he gets into the boat.
And he goes.
I want to be Sri Lanka ripped.
It's great. It's great.
And he just goes to the middle of the ocean and then he starts singing his shark beckoning song.
No, I fucking swear to you.
Yeah, well, I don't want to do the song for you because even flu.
Yeah, that's what it is.
It would sound like this.
What the song sounds like pretend you're a racist and then imagine a tribal song.
That's what it sounds like.
Do it. Do it. Just do it.
Now that you just claimed it by saying it sounds racist.
Pearl Jam.
Pearl Jam. You're doing Pearl Jam.
Yeah, it's a lot like Pearl Jam.
And then he sings this fucking song with just a hint of Hepburn.
Just a shining army.
It's a little bit like what was that song sadness?
Everything's going backwards or whatever.
Candescence, what's it called?
Enigma.
So he starts singing this fucking song, okay?
And he's singing it all day and all night.
There's no food because they run out of shark.
All day, all night on day three, a shark shows up.
And even then John Hurt is like...
And he has the balls to assume it's the song.
I know.
I want to go up to the guy and be like, try once without the song.
One time a control group.
Exactly. Just once.
Either I believe it was a coincidence or that the magical shark beckoning song works
and everything I know is lies, you know?
It only takes six days to test the theory that without a song, the shark takes twice as long as you show it.
Just do it once.
So the shark shows up and then he starts fashioning a noose,
which I'm like, have the noose already fashioned?
You've been there for three days.
Get the new, act like you've been there, you know?
So he...
Yeah, B do have.
Yeah, B do...
So he...
Always be noose-making.
But this is my favorite part.
He always be noose-making.
Shark is for closers.
I've got a 12-foot boat.
I've got a custom-made shark noose.
That's my name.
Who the fuck are you?
David Mammet presents...
The Shark Stranglers.
So he fashions this noose and as the shark...
This is my favorite part.
As the shark is going by, he lassoes the shark in the open ocean.
He lassoes it and then I swear, he lassoes it and then he does like a fist pump.
He's like, yes.
So I'm like, we're all human.
Everybody does that.
Yeah.
Because like that's the only gesture we have.
You might have picked that up from the camera crew.
Amazing.
They were like, holy shit, I have just enough SD card to store that footage.
Yeah.
And he was like, oh really?
Exactly.
So like the SD card gesture.
I wonder that when they're getting the shots.
It's like clearly you're getting the shot from a jeep, but you're studying these guys
who just hang out with wearing blankets for shirts and bluffing lines.
I mean, the gods must be crazy.
What's happening here?
Is that contamination?
I always thought there was, like a couple years ago they found a new tribe in the Amazon
and all the pictures were like, they were like, you know, they were like looking up at this
thing, this helicopter and they were like, we didn't want to disturb them.
We didn't want to go down.
You've already changed everything.
That helicopter is their god now.
It's like Iceman.
Yeah.
They're going to go back and be like, burn the books.
This is all lies.
Look at that thing.
Look at that.
Todd, what have I been saying?
Yeah.
See, I told you.
Madeleine Burr.
I used to worship a toucan.
Look at that fucking thing.
There's three of us inside that toucan.
They're clearly like, all of them have like their bows and arrows out, like pointing
at this thing.
You've changed everything.
You don't even mean like-
That's a clear example of that.
Those guys actually live in actual isolation and that kind of contamination.
But also there's just like, these people, they know what a Jeep is and they know what
a camera crew is.
They're bringing a camera crew along and they're saying like, the camera crew is going, show
us how you bring your 18 cattle from 600 miles across the desert.
And then have a weird negotiation with the elephants with a stick in order to get your
cattle fed.
And that's like, I just mean like emotional, psychological, long-term contamination of
like this 16-year-old kid going like-
Yes.
Fuck.
Go faster in a Jeep.
Yeah.
All right, see you later.
That's a wrap.
Yeah.
They should just show them on their iPad like Phantom Menace.
Like, watch this.
All right, we're going to go.
Yeah.
Like, yeah, I don't know.
I mean, it's so weird.
Like, that's not- everyone knows it's weird.
Erin McGathy, you're here tonight?
Let's get Erin McGathy up here, shall we?
Erin McGathy.
The only thing I just saw Leprechaun in the hood, the only thing I wanted from that movie
was the Leprechaun to refer to as part of gold as bling.
That is all I wanted out of it.
That might have come- the bling might have happened after the first Leprechaun in the
hood.
Maybe, because I didn't- he was never like, ah, it gets to me bling or whatever.
They really like- it was a very selective like a membrane in terms of what racism got
through and what they refused it to.
It's very weird.
Like, you'd look at one example and go like, well, that's just- that's just ridiculous.
Like, why would you do that?
And then the other one would go, well, why would you choke up on that bat?
I can't think of examples, but the- when you watch Leprechaun tonight, here's an interesting
thing.
There's a point in the movie where he has beguiled this trio of Hoochie mamas, badonkadonks.
I don't know what you'd call them in the-
I think that's the preferred nomenclature.
Yeah.
They're zombie fly ladies.
And that's right.
It's a sort of multi-ethnic, like, trio of like, yeah, they have green eyes underneath
their ray bands and they have like gold tight-fitting lame dresses and they don't match with their
shoes.
They don't explain where they came from except through some weird ADR line.
Then they're just there.
Then during the ending credits, you see the origin.
He does a rap in a-
Oh, that's right.
Which you'd expect to see in a movie called Leprechaun Into Hood.
You'd expect to see where David's do a rap.
And he doesn't do it until the ending credits.
And he's like, oh, my name is Leprechaun.
I'm here to say I just came from Dublin to the shuttle today.
I got my bling-bling bloom and my blarney stone and I'll possess your mind and you're not alone.
And while he's doing it, he's like hypnotizing these fly girls in this bar that we never
saw in the movie.
So it seems very clear to me that they extracted that scene from the middle of the movie where
it really belonged.
And the only reason I can think that they extracted it is that they actually hit some kind of
threshold where people, the test viewers are like, yeah, you know what, come on.
I want to make fun of the movie.
I don't want you to piranha 3D me.
They actually hit a tipping point where people are like, fuck you.
When he started rapping, it's like, well, what's my job?
I'm supposed to get high and watch a movie.
If you guys are high, fuck you.
And they went, oh, you know what?
Yeah, people like that it's campy.
They like that it's stupid and they want to make fun of the movie.
We need to actually commit to our job and move this rap number to the ending credits.
I thought you were saying that they'd hit too many cultural urban things.
And then people were like, all right, that's too much shit.
And then over the credits, you can be as offensive as you want.
That wasn't my guess.
Truthfully on that topic, I felt like all of pound for pound.
I found myself going, I expected to be quote unquote offended.
I expected to be going, what?
Way more per minute.
This movie is kind of safe.
It was pretty safe for a movie called Leprechaun and the Hood.
Warwick Davis has said little people write back like so many hundreds of years with his body of war.
I mean, has he or is he?
It's like what, like, you know, like, wow, God, how do I get out of this?
What I was going to say, like, it's true for a lot of like urban youth.
The way out is basketball or rapping.
Right.
And so for little people now it's like becoming in horror movie.
Are you a hero if you get into the NBA or are you perpetuating like a cycle of like, you know, unrealistic expectations or whatever that you would call it.
No idea.
But I want to see a one act black box theater production about a mythical meeting on a fateful 1998 night between Peter Dinklage and Warwick Davis.
He's like, all right, I'm going to go to the right.
You go to the left.
I'm going to do eventually Game of Thrones and movies that are Oscars.
You can rap in an Irish accent.
Like they do plays of like what if, what if on the eve of his assassination, Martin Luther King and Malcolm X like had a conversation.
Like they do plays like that.
That's really funny.
Dinklage and Warwick Davis.
I bet they hate each other.
But you have, you have normal people play the like non little people because you're like, like, like, no, the big draw here is that, you know, this is, I mean, God, this is David Strathain for God's sake.
You just tie like shoes at their knees.
Is that what you're suggesting?
Door style?
Maybe you just make the sets really.
Or yeah, yeah, just make Lily Tomlin it.
Just have giant chairs.
It's going to all be set at a real Abed restaurant.
No, that's the other way.
It's going to be the reverse of that.
Or maybe it starts at Abed's restaurant and then they leave and you're like, oh no, everything.
There was little.
Yeah.
You don't know.
He says goodbye.
Thank you for coming to what's the name of Abed's restaurant?
Bites.
And then didn't you pitch an idea where it's just leftovers that it was like just bites, bites taken out of burgers and stuff?
My question was were there to be things shaped like the bite that somebody took or would it be a hamburger with a bite already taken out of it?
No, I think the appeal is that it's a miniature version of the truest.
Yeah.
Although that's a good idea.
You could call it, are you going to finish that?
All right, Spencer, get us up to date on the D&D.
All right, I won.
Last town on Harmontown.
Wait, wait, wait.
Last town?
What?
Sorry, go ahead.
After fighting with a grip of sinister serpentine foes, Sharpie had been poisoned.
As the fast-acting poison coursed through his veins, the wizard fell into a deep slumber.
Realizing what must be done, Mulraine Sedona donned her hat of disguise, taking the form of someone she thought must look like Sharpie's mother,
before attempting some curious reprogramming on the sleeping mage.
Quark and Christopher got uncomfortable and checked out some old statues to pass the time, but realizing the flaws in Mulraine's methodology,
attempted to grease the wheels on the whole situation.
After being gripped tightly by the dreaming wizard, Christopher freaked out and stabbed him with a knife,
waking the wizard with a quick prick.
After some discussion, the group entered the larger chamber, bisected by a cracked staircase,
and started to try and figure out some rope situations to get the treasure.
Their musings were interrupted by a powerful voice taunting them.
A dragon!
Recognizing the dire danger that this magical beast presented, the gang launched into action.
The barbarians slashed and raged and then tried to climb up to statue or something.
Mulraine fired arrows.
Sharpie summoned the monstrous scorpions Keith and David to distract and threaten the dragon,
while the sneaky robes stabbed the dragon in the dick with a paralyzing syringe.
The attacks seemed to be working, but still the dragon fought on.
Spencer, everybody.
And again.
I just remembered last week marked a milestone where we played D&D for like,
it seemed like 40 minutes at the end of it, Spencer was like,
you guys have to stop.
It's gonna take a long time to kill that dragon.
Which was kind of a, it was a milestone because we were engrossed.
If you listen to the recording, we were like, we had finally stopped going like,
D&D, like we gotta make sure it stays on, you know, like Cliffhanger and Spencer was like,
you guys knock it off, go to bed.
I thought that you were just expecting me to truncate the combat at the end of the session sort of thing.
And I'm like, no, no, there's a dragon.
So how many hits have we put on this dragon?
Let's see, I think you hit it once, sliced it in the neck, he took an arrow or two,
you shot him in the, between the eyes, I think, and it made him look kind of slim.
He was in berserker rage and he did some stuff.
Yeah, and then, yeah, he hit him in a berserker rage and distracted him while you got in position.
And then you went and tried to climb up a statue to jump off of it, but you failed the climb check.
Right.
You summoned a scorpion, didn't do much.
Then you summoned another scorpion.
Keith and David.
Yeah, Keith and David.
Right, so by popular demand, by popular hand wringing brow sweating demand,
check in with us about our hit points and get definitive for the people,
because they never know, people tweet me and they go,
I don't know when to be concerned that you guys are about to die.
I don't know what's going on.
We don't pay attention to that because we're a bunch of drunk performers.
We never go, oh shit, I have three hit points.
Yeah, it's true.
Sharpie, right now you're at 24 hit points.
Solid.
Out of my 30.
Yeah, that's like, you have like a smoker's hit points.
Yeah.
It's not bad.
You're okay.
What's the range?
Well, you max out.
Every time you level up, your maximum hit points go up.
Like a video game.
No, 24 solid.
How many does Chris de Burgh have right now?
Chris de Burgh is sitting pretty at 43.
I don't think he's gotten hit this whole time, to be honest.
Yeah.
Mulraine has how many?
Mulraine?
Yeah.
Right now you have 35 on this.
Okay, cool.
And I have a maximum of 51.
I took a beating last time, didn't I?
Yeah, you're actually right now at 38.
Oh, we're all doing pretty well.
Not bad.
No, no.
That's true.
All right, so the dragon's still pacing the cage.
And it's still got a numb dick, right?
Yeah, yeah.
The poison hasn't quite taken hold, but yeah.
Yeah, it was in the dick.
And I have two scorpions in here.
Yeah, yeah.
Keith and David.
Yeah.
It's important.
And I'm allowed to give them standing orders to attack the dragon.
Yeah, sure.
They'll go on your turn.
I'll try to remember.
What up?
I'm going to put it at Jeff's turn, unless anyone has any more questions.
Have my far sword recharged?
No, it hasn't, in fact.
And so can I do a flaming sword attack?
Yeah.
All right, flaming sword attack.
Flaming sword attack.
With your flaming sword, you charge the dragon and slice towards his flesh, striking a quite decent blow at his chest.
Yeah, here we go.
Dealing...
I'm bad.
I hate my sword.
Eleven damage.
How much damage did you deal to yourself, then?
I'd say I lost a good three charisma points.
You know?
All right, so we give this guy a lot of hit points.
He's taking a beating.
Who's next?
Yeah, let's just go down this way and then I'll go.
It'll be easier.
In this area where we are, is it possible to climb up so we have an advantage from above?
There are those statues.
They're a good 15, 20 feet tall.
You would be above him.
Can I move silently up the statues?
Yeah, you can definitely try it, but it's pretty tricky to climb and be stealthy.
So, you know, if your attention is split, it'll be a bit tougher than if you just tried to clamber up it.
Okay, well, I wink at Sharpie and I try to climb up the statues.
All right.
Is that two turns?
Well, I officially retire.
The wink fails.
Off the lumber, no number.
Too high, no die.
Yeah, sorry guys.
Spencer's 20s had a die fell off the table.
Yeah, for the podcast listeners.
That puts him at minus two for this dog leg right on the links.
I mean, I guess you already rolled, but would it be too much to say I use the rope to climb up the statues?
Well, I would assume you'd use the rope in some fashion.
Yeah, totally me too.
Same page.
It's good you guys are on the same page.
So, throwing the rope over the shoulder of the statue, you catch it and begin to try and hoist yourself up,
but the arm of the statue actually breaks off and falls down.
You just...
I take my food sack and I empty it out on the ground.
That's a roll of a two, by the way, you know.
Oh, that's right.
For the listeners.
Did the John Williams score go,
It's so frustrating watching those movies.
Blueballs.
So is it me now?
Yeah, that'd be you.
You're kind of lurking right now.
Am I still stealthy right next to the dragon?
Yeah, he hasn't yet noticed you, but you know, he's a bit sluggish.
Yeah, because of the dick stabbing.
Yeah.
That'll happen.
He's not fucking anything soon.
Or he has like great stamina, right?
Yeah, okay.
Could go either way.
Yeah.
So do I have another poison dagger?
Yeah, you have a poison dagger.
It's true.
Can I just stab him in the same dick?
Go for a more vital part of him, like his head or his heart or something.
How many dicks do dragons have?
This is a question I've been asking for years.
How many dragons do you know?
That movie sucks.
Just the one dick.
Where is it a good idea to stab the...
You know, wherever you can.
You can't afford to be picky.
Am I still close to the dick?
You're actually a good like 15 feet off at this point, you know.
Get him in a major artery or a blood vessel or something.
But I don't know where that would be.
That's true, you wouldn't.
Ah, guys, I'm just gonna play it safe and stab him in the dick.
Go with what you know, Christopher.
You are kind of a one hit one.
Yeah, with everything.
I know one thing and I just fucking go at it.
I mean, I guess don't change your...
Stabbing, yeah.
Stabbing in the dick is the dragon fighting version of Lady in Red.
I'm sorry to think that a dragon dick hurt you in the past.
Or just a dick that to him was larger when he was at a certain age.
So as a rogue, you have the ability to sneak attack, which means if they're kind of unaware of you, you can do extra damage.
So you want to go for that probably, right?
Yeah, and the good thing is his dick is already numb, so it'll do damage, but he won't know that I'm there.
He'll just be bleeding out and he won't even know.
It's crazy.
No, I'm enthusiastic about this twist.
Honestly.
I hope he isn't.
I hope he isn't either.
Yeah, okay, striking him directly in the dick with a poison dagger.
You score a seemingly nice cut.
Score?
Yeah.
Nice cut.
This is the funk break.
I'm just pitching a music video right now of a dragon looking down at his numb dick.
And there's like rose petals falling from the sky.
Never seen a dragon have such a numb dick.
Never seen an illa sing.
After I stabbed it.
So a pretty good slice?
Yeah, pretty good slice.
You could tell the poison poured in to the phallus.
So you got paralyzing poison.
You got that red poison, I think it was, the dagger.
Guys, I'm doing great work there.
Yes.
Not bad.
Not bad at all.
But you also deal, ah, that's up.
Jesus Christ.
10 damage.
It's like almost all the damage amounts have been 10 and 11 and it's weird.
Is that low or high?
It's pretty solid, but it's just weird.
It's like, I don't know, maybe rolling 7s, you know?
Okay.
2, 6s.
We should go to Vegas.
Yeah, let's do it.
Seriously.
Spencer?
Me and you.
Yeah.
Let's get this fucking MGM, let's get this fucking on.
You know, I've never been to Vegas.
We should go together.
I've never been either.
Let's all go.
I don't want to go with you guys.
Alright.
The city may never sleep, but I go to bed at night.
Spencer and Jeff in Vegas is a movie I will wait to rent.
Vegas Jam.
Let's go to Vegas when Pearl Jam is playing next.
And bring Michael Jordan.
Oh, the buffet is open from 3 p.m. and I'm lover.
Have you seen the movie where it's the guy who goes off into the woods on his own and
basically dies?
Into the woods.
What's it called?
Grizzly Man.
Not Grizzly Man.
Into the wild.
Because it's this guy living on his own alone.
And it's literally Eddie Vedder narrating what he's doing.
So he's literally Eddie Vedder like, today he made a shower.
It's fucking awful anyway.
Don't you know that's a true story?
Yeah, I know.
Well, that guy's an idiot.
He genuinely is anyway.
He was.
We can jibber jabber all we want, but we have a dragon in the room.
Sidebar.
How many monsters can I summon at one time?
Two scorpions on the Scorp Deck.
Yeah, you know, I think you can summon however many.
But yeah, I mean, yeah, you can only do one order though.
So you have the standing orders to attack, but if you had four monsters, you couldn't
be like, you attack.
No, no, no, I don't want to do different shit.
I'm just saying, that's okay.
If I could keep summoning more scorpions every turn and having all those scorpions understand.
Well, eventually you're going to run out of spells.
I think you got two more level two summons.
It's impossible for me to cast Ray of Frost and for one of us to shatter him like with
a sword attack and like take off a leg.
If it froze him, yeah, but I mean it's not very much damage.
Can you call the next ones Dennis and Haysbert?
I'm going to let Keith and David do their thing.
I'm going to spend this turn trying to do something a little more.
No, no, no, I don't mean I'm passing.
I know.
I'm rolling Keith and David.
You roll.
They're attacking, you know, like you had ordered.
I want to know about Tasha's hideous laugh again.
Yeah, so that's a spell.
That's a charm spell that if they fail, they will save.
You know, they lose their action because they're doubled over.
Might it work on a large reptile?
I mean, dragons in general are pretty hard to charm, but yeah, it would if you rolled poorly.
Tasha's hideous laughter.
What's he doing?
I think he's taking leprechaun in the hood.
Yeah.
Oh, he don't play that.
Pot of gold.
You guys hang out with this guy like all the time?
You say as you're staring at a dragon stick.
What a weirdo.
Anyway, I'm going to continue stabbing this dick.
He does.
He does pass his will save, so he's unaffected.
All right.
Well, Keith, David.
Did that do anything?
The singing?
No.
But it was worth a shot.
Let my scorpions do their thing.
The scorpions attack.
David doesn't manage to strike the high.
However.
Why is this happening?
However, Keith deals a wicked blow to the back left leg of the dragon, dealing eight damage.
That's not bad.
You basically chipped its nail.
So right now the dragon has a numb dick, right?
Yeah.
How big is the dick?
How big is the dragon's dick?
How big is your dick?
Is your dick is so big?
I really need to know.
I'm really, I'm really crunching.
I'm living in a world.
I'm taking this as seriously as you are now.
Breaking me down.
Huh?
Is it bigger than a bread box?
Yeah.
Is it numb?
I'm small.
Can I crawl up inside his dick hole?
What?
Jeff.
I can kill him on the inside.
What?
I'll take my sword.
I'll climb up his dick.
It's numb.
He won't know.
Can I?
Can I squeeze into the dick hole and get inside his abdomen?
I'll just smash it and fucking.
And I'm like, I should have thought of that.
This is how I fight.
Is it too small for me to climb inside?
Yeah.
It's like, I mean, maybe the size of an elephant.
Like, he can't climb up an elephant's dick.
Yeah.
Like, maybe it's asshole.
What if I go up to his dick and I hold it open and I have Mulrainee come behind him.
I have her shoot arrows into his dick hole.
What?
I'm just trying to kill a dragon.
That would be exceedingly dangerous.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Maybe.
Maybe?
I mean, technically, it's possible to hold open something.
Okay.
Because I have fast movement.
I say, Psst, Mulrainee.
I'm going to run up using my fast, sneaky dwarf.
Let me run this by you, Mulrainee.
My gnome.
This is a tough sell.
Yeah.
You don't have to do it.
I'm taking all the risk here.
I want you just to get two of your favorite arrows handy.
And I'm going to run up real quick, grab his numb dick, open it up, and I'm going to aim
it towards you.
And I want you to shoot as many arrows as you can into his dick hole.
Am I still hanging out by the dick?
Be careful.
Don't hit me.
Hit the dick.
I'll agree to this if only we can talk about what this means after.
I'm trying to kill a dragon.
I can discuss it.
That's trying to make sense to me.
All we've done so far is numb this guy's dick.
I'm taking advantage of a breach in the armor right now.
All we've done, all I've done.
You've been trying to climb a statue.
I'm trying to stand on the shoulders of your hard work.
Dude, we're all on the same team.
All I'm saying is that I quirk and Chris, we should examine this a little bit more afterwards.
And an impetuous gnome barbarian in the state of mind.
I run up.
I say, just do what you want to do.
I'm going to go open that dick hole.
And I run up.
And I grab the dragon's numb dick and I open it up and I aim it at her like a fire hose.
And I go, shoot your arrows!
Why would arrows open it up?
No, no, no.
He opens it up.
I need my hands to open it up.
I'm giving her a target size.
The gesture you're making is very flattering to the dragon.
I don't know how big a dragon's dick is.
I bet it's not as big as, I mean, that's like a post office box.
What a weird, my dick looks weird.
I'm opening it up to a mailbox size.
The size of a mailbox.
Can you hit a mailbox?
Hey, what's up, dude?
I'm right next to the dick still.
Hey, what are you doing?
Chris, step a little over to the side.
Okay.
Yeah, this is a bad place to be right now.
Are you opening the dick hole to get arrows in?
Yes.
Oh, you're going for the number three?
Yeah.
So I'm standing there holding a dragon's dick open.
Okay.
I bet you've never said that sentence before.
So before that quite happens, the dragon attacks.
You told me his dick was numb, DeBurg.
Yeah, he did his own attacking with his dick.
He has.
I was trying to, I didn't want to get into a big conversation.
I wanted to use my fast move and open the dick, get an arrow in there and run the fuck over.
I think we're all safe here, convened around his dick, because God knows if a dragon could attack us here, he wouldn't leave the house.
Hey, oh, judging snap.
Wait, so who does he attack?
Probably me.
Well, he attacks Keith, you know, and he, oh good.
Yeah, that's fine.
Let me just narrate this.
We're okay with that.
Rearing back and striking with his front claw, he pins down the scorpion before biting its head with his fearsome beak, ripping it from its shoulders.
Do scorpions have shoulders?
Yes.
Ripping it from its shoulders.
It got like eight.
Yeah, they got a bunch of shoulders.
At the same time.
Its survival instinct is terrible, by the way.
He's not going for the guy opening his dick.
Chronologically, that hasn't happened yet.
Oh, shit.
At least he had to happen.
With both of his wings, he flails them wildly and his left wing catches Christopher right in the chin, knocking you off your feet onto your back.
Oh, my mouth is my fortune.
Keith!
But now, this is the perfect time.
Christopher is now cleared out of the way.
He's distracted with scorpion shoulders.
So now I've run up, opened up his dick hole, and cried out to Mulraine to shoot some arrows into this dragon's dick for Pete's sake.
Approaching the dragon, he points his beak at you and then does something like a pack attack.
How about, you know, rearing back like a cobra, he lunges forward, striking you directly in the chest with his beak.
It pings harmlessly off your armor, and you manage to position yourself right under his, you know, dickle regions.
I think the dickle regions are just called dick.
Positioning yourself strategically around the dick, you force your hands into the opening, whiting the urethra.
You call out to your compatriot, Mulraine, who is somewhat conflicted by this whole thing, it seems.
It's fine, it's fine.
Okay, well, that's just what I'm reading off your face.
Can I ask, how much did that get hurt?
You got hurt for, what did I, I said five damage, right?
Four damage.
I mean, I'm just, I'm guessing, well, no, remember, I was going to say the dumbest thing in the world.
I just, I can't help but just picture a giant penis.
I was about to say I've had more experience with penises than you guys have, that's retarded.
You all have penises.
I experience one every day.
Right.
How much experience do you have with my retarded sister?
All right, cliffhanger.
We'll come back and see how we break that out.
Cha-ching.
Am I going to stand here holding a dragon's dick open for the rest of the day?
Somebody shoot an arrow for pity's sake.
I shoot two V arrows into the dragon's urethra.
Okay.
Now we're talking.
Retardedly.
Now we're playing D&D.
I don't get the connection.
What are you talking about?
Did somebody use that word?
Yeah.
Oh, retarded.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yes, great.
Okay.
We're supposed to be phasing that out.
Yeah, yeah, no, I don't like that term.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry I said retarded.
Dan has it.
Don't you keep saying it.
Well, I meant retarded in an inefficient way.
You meant like gay.
I meant that the devil chose you because your parents committed a sin.
Generally, nothing is gayer than shooting an arrow into a dude's penis.
I'm very sorry I said retarded.
In my mind, I pictured this whole thing to go down a lot faster.
You know, I would spend seven minutes holding a dragon's penis hole open.
Now I'm getting, it's getting a little gay over here.
I shot two, I shot two V arrows.
Yeah, both of them missed.
Oh.
Oh, you retarded.
You got it, aren't I?
A huge retard.
So, I look up at the dragon and give him like a sorry.
And I run back to my friend and go like, you guys did fucking little less gibber jabber
next time.
I take some gold coins and I put them in an envelope and I mail them to the Special Olympics.
I don't know how to get out of it.
You're gonna do this retarded sister out there.
A good way is to...
Stop pulling back into it.
Yeah, a good way is to not talk about it anymore.
You're forgiven.
Just let's keep going.
It's fine.
I cast a spell to protect myself from the awkwardness in this battle chamber.
I absolve everyone.
I have a bubble.
All right, so it's my turn?
Yeah, yeah.
You've been knocked onto your feet, so, you know, you have to get up before...
I get up.
I walk over.
I open...
I hold its dick hole open and I yell at Maldred.
Try again!
There we go.
You can do it!
Approaching.
No, no, no.
I don't.
I don't think she's on board.
So, I have a... I can... a short bow sap? What does sap do?
A sap's like a blackjack.
It's like, you know, like a donkey sock.
Like...
Like a what?
A donkey sock.
A donkey sock?
What are these words?
Like, okay.
So, have you ever, like, filled, like, a bag with coins?
Oh, it's like that?
Like, it was really full of, like...
And then, like...
Is it spiky?
No, like, it's just really heavy, but you can like...
It's like, it's a...
It's like you knock something out with the back of the head with.
Yeah.
A blackjack, you know.
Okay.
You keep saying, oh, blackjack.
No, I don't know what...
I don't know in this context what it means.
So, I have a blackjack that saps energy?
No, it's just also called a sap.
That's like a weird thing.
Imagine a piece of leather...
Oh, guys, shut up.
I... I use the blackjack on the dick.
Fair... Yeah.
Oh, what am I going on here?
You strike directly in the dick.
However, he doesn't seem to take notice as it is numb.
Yes.
But it hurts him, right?
I mean, the sap does non-lethal damage, so he can't feel it, so...
Have you said it enough?
Eventually, he'd go unconscious and not know why.
I do it enough.
But you do do seven damage.
So, overall, the dragon is hurt.
He's been hurt, yeah, although he wouldn't know it.
But seven... Okay, the knowing is not important to me.
I'm not doing this because I want the dragon to know
I'm attacking its dick over and over.
That is the last thing I want the dragon to know.
That is why I numbed its dick.
That was step one.
I don't want to announce to this dragon,
hey, I have a bunch of things in my bag.
I'm going to pull them out one by one.
And I'm going to strike your dick with it.
You numbed its dick so you could hit it with a bag filled with corn.
Hey, that wasn't the first thing I did.
I'm just looking in my bag.
I don't know what else I have.
Some dragons pay a lot of money for this kind of stuff.
Am I causing the dragon any pleasure?
Is that what kind of dungeon this is?
This is like a weird sex dungeon.
Judges and dragons are just a bunch of...
It's just a weird domination dungeon for dragons to go to.
Well, it does say I'm a rogue, so...
Have you ever googled Dungeon Master?
Of course.
Ready for my move?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, shit, I have like a wire saw and stuff.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Like you could cut a limb off a branch.
Oh, you could probably saw the dick off.
That would take a while, but yeah.
I think someone said that from the back.
Hey, guys, I think I got my next turn planned out.
Here's what I'm doing.
Because I know what I'm doing,
and I've seen a lot of movies where you're fighting an oversized beast.
I'm casting the spell Jump,
and I am leaping onto the dragon's back.
Why? That's not where it's dick is.
It's where my hero medal is.
Oh, that's what the brain is.
Yeah, there's lethal parts of the body.
It's time to get cinematic.
Alright.
Jump.
Casting Jump on yourself.
You feel arcane energy swirling around your legs.
You get the sensation that you can jump powerfully for a time.
I do so!
Onto the back of the dragon?
Yes!
Heroically leaping up into the air,
you land cinematically on the back of the dragon,
and you successfully...
for a bit you feel unsteady,
but then you catch yourself and you have sturdy footing.
That guy's awesome.
That's way better than the laughing attack you did.
Letterbox appears.
Can I do more? Is that my whole turn?
Uh, yeah, that is your whole turn.
Yeah!
I take my great sword and I throw it up to him
so he can punch the sword.
You should tell him when you're doing it.
I say, look alive!
And I throw it, handle first, up to Sharpie,
so he can plunge my sword into the back of the spinal column,
like a coup de gras in a bullfight.
But not before the sluggishly poisoned dragon
unleashes an acid line onto your party.
It flows directly into Quark's path, as well as Moran's path,
and you'll have to twist yourselves out of the way to dodge.
I have a good dodging ability, don't I?
That's true.
I can jump, I can dodge, I'm very nimble.
You can dodge.
So, yeah, but you didn't in this case.
Sometimes it's just not your day.
Yeah, sometimes it's just not your day.
I was two arrows up a dick all the way from finishing this thing.
Two arrows at a dick, two girls, one.
Sometimes you gnome and open up a dragon dick.
Sometimes the dragon dick opens up you.
Oh, yeah, we all grew up with that thing.
So, Moran takes 16 damage from the line of acid
and then his corrosive juices burn through her armor and onto the stick.
I know why.
Because it's acid.
Well, and because I said retarded earlier.
No, because you were half of America.
Is my awkwardness shield still up?
Yeah, yeah.
That's what they always...
That's a true standards and practices thing.
They go like, oh, can Annie get drunk,
even though she's underage,
and they're like, as long as she has a bad time.
Oh, really?
It's so crazy.
Yeah, just let there be negative consequences to their foolish actions.
That's like a lot of horror movie stuff.
It's all very, like, morality.
Yeah, can these two do it?
Can we see your boobs?
Yeah, if you murder them afterwards.
Yeah, then you murder them.
How many hit points do I take, Spencer?
You also take 16.
Shit, I'm getting screwed over here.
By my count, you're at 26, I think.
Maybe you've got...
No, you should have taken another eight damage, right?
So it should be 18.
Yeah.
Well, I take a healing potion.
Okay, well, you were gonna...
Okay, so you could take a healing potion and throw the sword,
but that's all you could do.
Is that cool?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay, so...
Swilling a healing potion in a single gulp
and hurling your sword directly at a Sharpie Buttsalot.
Shit, critical.
So, yeah, you catch it and, like,
you throw it in, like, a super dramatic manner
and it's all slow motion style,
and it cuts to people, like, looking at it, you know?
Right.
And it totally lands perfectly in your hand.
In my hand?
Oh!
And there's almost, like, energy kind of, like,
you know, surrounding this whole epic situation,
as it lands directly into your hand perfectly.
And also you gain 14 hit points.
So he gains back 14 hit points.
Oh, sweet.
But also you have the thing now.
Yeah, so you got my sword now.
Use it, Jackson.
Well, is it your turn?
It's yours, right?
My turn.
Mulroin.
Let's see.
Well, first of all, I'm sorry about saying retarded.
I was just joking.
The arrow's just missed.
Well, I know, but I don't know.
It's just a joke gone bad.
It happens all the time.
Yeah, I'm gonna go on a message board
and there's gonna be a photoshop on my face
covered in blood.
I don't know.
Um, I'm not asking for that, by the way.
Too late.
Okay, I take, sorry.
It's gonna, it's already happening.
I know.
Yeah, it's already, if you go to YouTube,
it'll be there right now.
I'm sure this is very annoying,
but it's clear that I, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
No, you, you, you've paid your penance.
It was a joke.
I know, I know.
The language is garbage.
The sounds that come out of people's mouths.
I know one hates the idea
that you can't say retarded more than me.
I was doing a bit.
I, I did a, I did that to you.
I'm sorry.
I got my, I got my shitty retarded joke all over you.
Like that was my bit that didn't land
and made your plane crash.
I imagine you're doing the topology
with a sword in your hand.
So I take, I take two V arrows.
Sure.
And I shoot them at the dragon.
I sh, what?
What?
Don't.
Nothing.
I thought you were whispering at me at him.
Okay.
I take two V arrows and I shoot them at the dragon's head.
At his head.
He's right there.
Right.
But I can't handle my arrows.
No, but I want to make sure you don't, don't hit him.
She won't hit me.
I guess I'm too reliant on my skill.
I shoot them at the, at the, at the dragon's belly.
At the dragon's belly, huh?
Or his heart.
At his heart, huh?
You said earlier that the dragon's organs
are different from regular organs.
Yeah.
They have like, you know, they got like, you know,
numb dicks.
This one has acid bladders, you know,
to hold acid so he could spit it out.
You know, you don't have that.
They're different.
It's different.
Anyway, arrows hit, both of them hit.
Um, you deal 13 damage altogether.
Striking them directly in the neck with both arrow shots.
Nice.
The neck.
He's a bit, he's a bit woozy right now.
He's on the ropes.
We've been kicking this guy's ass.
The dragons are tough, you guys.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
Okay.
Yeah.
Um, all right.
Christopher.
It also says I have a bear trap like in cartoons.
Yeah.
Like, see, because your character is also like a
trapsman.
Yeah.
Traps and stuff.
Fucking throw that thing on the dick.
It seems so obvious now.
You guys, watch this.
Yeah.
He's not going to feel it.
And I have a great singer.
Oh, you?
Yeah.
All right.
More like dick trap.
I can only write songs.
Right.
Song.
But it doesn't.
Your bear drop trap goes off as expected.
Grin and bear it.
That's it.
That's a good one.
Oh God.
That's grizzly.
Um.
Of me too.
Yeah.
It's quite grizzly of me too.
That doesn't feel like honey.
You're really dragging it out.
Yeah.
Hey boo boo.
Boo boo boo.
I got a boo boo on my hand.
Yeah.
So the bear trap works as intended.
It finishes the job that your poison, you know, daggers started.
Wait.
Okay.
I have a quick question.
Yeah.
Does this mean, is this like, am I helping it by severing the organ that is poisoned?
Yes.
Well, at this point, the poison would have already worked its way into the system.
But, but I mean, you, you, there's not more dick poison going to go into them.
Definitely not.
Yeah.
I mean, you could have thrown it in his mouth and maybe like.
Guys have good news and bad news.
Does anybody want like a dragon dick?
I put it in my sack just, just in case.
Yeah.
You know, they got the magical, magical dicks.
If you, if you're on the market for a dragon dick, there's an old legend that severed dragon
penises are really good at helping you write songs.
Yeah.
But you have to put it in your mouth.
This won't be the first one I've put in my mouth.
Yeah.
That's amazing.
That is a legend, right?
It's a legend.
All right.
So Sharpie, it's your turn.
Please go.
Yeah.
You got my sword.
I got his sword.
You still, you still carrying the dramatic motion of the toss that comes to you.
Yeah.
And everything goes quiet.
And I go, father.
And then thrust down.
Did he just say father?
Yeah, I just said father.
Fuck.
I don't think he's slaying that dragon.
Planting the blade directly between the, do dragons have shoulders?
Everything has shoulders.
Between the shoulder blades of the dragon's back.
The blade slices cleanly through the spinal cord.
And the dragon goes limp.
Wow.
That really puts my dick strategy into question.
My mother just made a bathtub.
What?
You had a breakthrough.
I'm sorry.
I must have dreamt something.
Yeah.
Is the dragon alive?
No, it's dead.
I go up and everybody, it's dead.
We killed the dragon.
Yeah.
I'm a father.
I take one of my burnt sticks and draw dicks and balls to live with the dragon's face.
I draw swastikas on his balls and dicks on his face.
You're ruining the market value of that dragon height.
Oh, shit.
I don't give a fuck for dragon height.
Oh, dragon height is marketable?
Well, yeah.
Everything dragon is marketable.
Oh.
Including what I got.
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you.
Camille, everybody.
Erin McGathy, Spencer Crintenden.
That's not even a close-finger.
We just slayed a dragon.
That's how you do it.
Well done, sir.
Chris de Burgh, I doubted your tactics, but we know.
All's well that ends well.
Send your letters to Erin McGathy and Erin McGathy at IHateRetardedPeople.com.
Which is a weird e-mail address for her to pick.
Seems like she was asking for it.
But it's also a weird place to send emails.
Yeah, so it's a website.
There's a contact page on that website.
Why did you come here if you didn't expect to get offended?
That's another problem with the internet culture.
People seeking out offense.
All right, Dan, we've gone long.
Let's bring this fucker into the station.
What do you think?
Let's do it on a dime.
On a dime.
Ten cents.
Ten cents?
Straight up.
What do you want, Herman?
Give me something sexy.
You want something sexy?
Yep.
All right.
You got something for us?
No.
When did I ever have something?
I sat on it for two hours.
Now I have something?
I don't know.
Do you want to connect with the crowd first?
Do you want to just say goodnight?
Do you want to bid these people a fond farewell?
Well, how do you connect with them by talking to them?
They're all sleepy.
Like, if I go, what's your name, Sarah?
And I'll go, Lunard?
And I'll go, what's your problem?
And he'll go, I'm sleepy.
I live in Rancho, the salad.
Did anybody here particularly feel like they learned something
or take something away from tonight?
Does anybody feel like they've grown as a person?
They may have got a big, big, big, big problem
that you came in here with, that you really need solved.
See, that takes a lot of guts and fortitude for them.
They're stonewalling us.
They're like, no, the show's over.
Get out of here.
That's good.
We had a perfect, perfect little show.
We'll just need to...
It doesn't need to be long.
Just make it short and sweet, mind you.
Put a little cherry on top of this beautiful Sunday
we've created for these people.
Okay, alright.
I killed a dragon with you
We fought a monster or two
We're gonna do it in Harmontown
We watched horror movies
and everything
It's stupid. I don't like this.
You know the problem with that song, the whole tour?
It's like, I don't like the structure of the...
because you wait for the beat and then the thing...
and then it picks up...
I don't know how to articulate the corner that that song...
articulate it then, sing it.
I'm trying to tell you that I can't to that song.
Don't tell me you can't sing, sing, but you can't.
To that song.
Okay, okay, alright.
Fight through it, man.
It's weird to sing to a song
that doesn't have a beginning or end.
Now it's going quiet for a second.
It's just my job to have to reckon with it.
In Harmontown, and it doesn't...
you don't, there's no...
there's nothing to do with the song.
Everything comes out wrong.
You're still creating a song.
It's a song.
Sometimes the limitations of the genre
liberate the creative mind.
Yo, I fucked your mama at five.
Yeah, use the limitations.
It made me feel alive.
Her pussy gave me the jive to carry on
in Harmontown.
I fucked your mama a lot.
I made her cry.
It's not...
She looked sick to the neighborhood.
They brought her in and said,
stupid scum.
Oh, front corner.
Front corner.
We're going to end it at a front corner.
Front, front, front corner.
Y'all...
Breakdown. Mama's in the kitchen.
Fuck your mama said, stop that bitchin'.
Put my dick in her eye and her mouth.
Northwest, south, south, south.
Fuck your mama on the floor.
Fuck your mama like Eva Gabor.
Fuck your mama in the attic in the basement.
Fuck your mama said, this is a case that's closed.
Fuck your mama like sisters and bros.
Fuck your mama up and down the street.
Fuck your mama with my hand and my feet.
Fuck your mama on a big snow plow.
Fuck your mama and I don't know how.
It boggles me. I tried to figure it out.
Fuck your mama, but I don't have the clout.
Went to City Hall, asked the mayor.
Can I fuck your mom? He said, she's over there.
Went over to her, fucked her again.
Fuck your mama, eight, nine, ten.
Fuck your mama up in the air.
Fuck your mama, I don't care.
Fuck your mama, cut my hair.
Fuck your mama, dragon's lair.
Fuck your mama.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown, everybody.
We did it again.
One more time for Spencer Grintenden, please.
Erin McGathy, Kumail Nanjiani.
Everybody here at Meltdown Commerce.
Brian W. Collins and horror movie a day.
Thank you, Shannon, for coming up earlier.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
And for Dan Harmon, your Mayor.
Thank you.